docs(file): add/update FAQ entries (#6459)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/file-storage/faq.mdx

### What Scaleway products are compatible with File Storage?

Scaleway File Storage is designed to be used in conjunction with Scaleway Instances and Kubernetes Kapsule.

Refer to the dedicated documentation pages for comprehensive information on [how to add a file system to an Instance](/file-storage/quickstart/), and on [how to use File Storage with Kubernetes Kapsule](/kubernetes/how-to/use-sfs-with-kubernetes/).

## Offering and availability

### In which region can I provision file systems?

Scaleway File Storage is currently available in the PAR region. The AMS region will be available soon.

### How many file systems can I create?

During the **free** Public Beta (until May 31, 2026), the following quotas apply per Organization:

- Maximum number of file systems: 2
- Total provisioned storage size across all file systems: 100 GB

### How many file systems can I attach to an Instance?

> The number of file systems you can attach to an Instance depends on the Instance type. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/file-storage/reference-content/file-system-instance-selection/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of file systems you can attach to an Instance depends on the Instance type. Refer to the [File Storage and Instances selection guidelines](/file-storage/reference-content/file-system-instance-selection/) for more information.
```

Reviewer: I'm hesitating a bit as I can see that we very often use "refer to the dedicated documentation". On the other hand, we have some guidelines regarding "good link text" vs "bad link text" here: https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/guidelines/#links

Author: "this/here" is a no go, but we use "dedicated documentation for more information" a lot as it is generic links tend to change (especially in early stages of a product)
